Docs fix/add introductory paragraphs to subsections (#4389)
python-telegram-bot/python-telegram-bot: docs/source/telegram.games-tree.rst

* Once you've created a game via `BotFather <https://t.me/botfather>`_, you can send games to chats as regular messages using the sendGame method, or use `inline mode <https://docs.python-telegram-bot.org/telegram.inline-tree.html>`_ with :class:`telegram.InlineQueryResultGame`.
* If you send the game message without any buttons, it will automatically have a 'Play ``GameName``' button. When this button is pressed, your bot gets a :class:`telegram.CallbackQuery` with the ``game_short_name`` of the requested game. You provide the correct URL for this particular user and the app opens the game in the in-app browser.
* You can manually add multiple buttons to your game message. Please note that the first button in the first row **must always** launch the game, using the field ``callback_game`` in :class:`telegram.InlineKeyboardButton`. You can add extra buttons according to taste: e.g., for a description of the rules, or to open the game's official community.
* To make your game more attractive, you can upload a GIF animation that demostrates the game to the users via `BotFather <https://t.me/botfather>`_ (see `Lumberjack <https://t.me/gamebot?game=lumberjack>`_ for example).

> * A game message will also display high scores for the current chat. Use setGameScore to post high scores to the chat with the game, add the ``edit_message`` parameter to automatically update the message with the current scoreboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A game message will also display high scores for the current chat. Use :meth:`~telegram.Bot.set_game_score` to post high scores to the chat with the game, add the :paramref:`~telegram.Bot.set_game_score.paramref.edit_message` parameter to automatically update the message with the current scoreboard.
```

and similar in other places if you see any :)

Games
-----

> Your bot can offer users **HTML5 games** to play solo or to compete against each other in groups and one-on-one chats. Create games via `@BotFather <https://telegram.me/BotFather>`_ using the /*newgame* command. Please note that this kind of power requires responsibility: you will need to accept the terms for each game that your bots will be offering.

Reviewer: `/*newgame*` will not render correctly. Please use <code>\`\`/newgame\`\`</code> to ensure that it's rendered as mono-spaced text.

> * Games are a new type of content on Telegram, represented by the :doc:`Game <telegram.game>` and :doc:`InlineQueryResultGame <telegram.inlinequeryresultgame>` objects.

Reviewer: <code>:doc:\`Game <telegram.game>\`</code>

This is better, but is has two downsides:

* by using `:doc:`, Sphinx doesn't know that you're referencing a class. Indexing and rendering might be wrong. Please use `:class:` for classes `:meth:` for methods of classes etc. The available types are listed at https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/domains/python.html#python-xref-roles (drop the leading `:py`) and are also used throughout the PTB documentation
* you make your live harder by repeating "game" twice. If you write just <code>:class:\`telegram.Game\`</code> you aovid duplication and have correcting rendering.
